---
title: About me - Part 2
image: /images/aboutme-p2.png
imageMeta:
  attribution:
  attributionLink:
featured: true
authors:
  - kex1016
date: Wed May 15 2019 23:13:37 GMT+0100 (IST)
tags:
  - misc
---
### This is the continuation of my first post, which will go to the "About me" page of the blog along with this one.
##### Last time was mainly about my relationship with anime, so this time will have a bigger theme, the internet.

I started my internet shenanigans back when I was only 5 years old. That was eleven years ago. Time sure flies. The very first time I was on the internet was where my dad worked, it was a computer shop which had some computers to play on or use for internet. They all had the same games installed, but I went for one of the oldest Need for Speed games I think. I don't remember which title it was, but it was a really good game back then. It probably still is a good game but with not that great graphics. The second game I played was Counter-Strike 1.6 and Counter-Strike: Condition Zero. Condition Zero was the one I've played the most though, I thought it was an awesome game at the time, I still play it occasionally. That reminds me, I also had a game I was forbidden to play, GTA. Why, you ask? Well, I think it was when I was around 6 or 7. I was going around town in game beating up baddies when a baseball bat just grabbed my hand and told me to bash everyone's head in. And so, I bashed everyone's head in. My parents saw it, and they proceeded to take the game away from me. *10 years later and I have 270 hours in GTA V and I'm doing the same thing I did back then.* After this, I started playing Metin 2, as seriously as a 7 year old can play it. It became my childhood really fast since I played it for about two years on and off cause I was doing fine socially then. I had a lot of fun in the game, even though it was a little pay-to-win. It made me a lot of pleasant memories and that's all that matters. Fast forward to the end of the Metin era, I found out about Minecraft when I was 9 years old, in 2012. Starting with 1.2, I played through all the versions, snapshots and pre-releases, and I come back to it even nowadays. You could even say that it changed my life a little. There are games I've played more, like CS:GO, Team Fortress 2 and It was the first game I legally owned, I didn't even know that it'd be the start of something amazing. My life on the internet.
I can safely say that I life almost half of my life on here. Some say that it's not a good thing, but I'm completely fine with it. I've grown up with the Internet, so it's like my second home at this point. I just love the anonimity it gives, and how I can connect with people all around the world. When I first came in contact with other people, I was probably known as Pause, I don't remember it clearly. I got to know some people from Metin, but those people are long forgotten, and I have no idea who they were anymore. The game I've made a lot of friends on was Minecraft. I've met a ton of people there, but unfortunately I'm no longer in contact with any of them since I've paused playing the game a year ago. I come back to it every once in a while, but that's it. Minecraft was the name where I decided I should rename myself, so I became MineDave, I basically got an even cringier name. This name stayed for 4 years, then I started seriously playing CS:GO when I was about 13. I changed names three times during the time, Mr. Szurikáta (Hungarian name, translate it for yourself lol), Snickers and the final one, Kex which has been staying until now and I don't plan on changing it. It was about the time when I got accepted into my current school into one of the IT classes. I'm now studying programming! All the while, my social anxiety came so I became more and more attached to the internet, and I spent more time on it, more specifically on Discord. You can find me as Kex#8792, I'm always eager to meet new people.
Wow, this became quite the wall of text. If you read this through, thank you, you're a great person! Thank you for reading and see you in the next post! :D