---
title: About Kex
image: /images/kex-cover.jpg
imageMeta:
  attribution:
  attributionLink:
featured: true
authors:
  - system
date: Thu May 09 2019 19:00:00 GMT+0100 (IST)
tags:
---

I'm Kex and I'm the guy who writes stuff for this blog, and this is my first post. Aside from the welcoming post. Let's skip over that. This being my first ever post, I'll go over some basics about myself, what you should know about me and stuff. So. My name is Dávid. I'm a Hungarian living in a small town somewhat near the border of the country. I started watching anime at the end of December, in 2017, so I'm fairly new to the media. As to what I love, it's usually Slice of Life, Romance, Comedy or Fantasy, but I like [CGDCT](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=CGDCT) and [Isekai](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=isekai) too. My first anime was [Charlotte](https://anilist.co/anime/20997/Charlotte/), which I actually recently rewatched. It's a great anime, I can only recommend. At the time, I didn't even have a list for the stuff I watch, just noted them down in my head, but after like 7-8 anime, I started forgetting some, so I just registered at MAL. I didn't really like the site, so in the 11th of March, 2018, I moved over to [AniList](https://anilist.co/user/Kex1016/) and I'm still there. My all-time favorite is [K-On](https://anilist.co/anime/5680/KON/), and I don't see that changing ever. Aside from anime, I read a lot of manga, about 70% of them are yuri. Yes. I'm a yurifag and I don't regret it one bit. I hate horror since I'm a pussy and I hate gore cause I get sick of blood. I dislike harem, but that doesn't mean I won't watch/read them if catch my eye. I love listening to music, almost all kinds. If my ear likes it, I won't have a problem listening to it. On my [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/kex1016), there are 3 playlists, and there's one on my [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/user/minedave/playlist/2Np5XzboIBO4wMF2q1IgsI) too. Most of the songs are weeb though.

I started my internet shenanigans back when I was only 5 years old. That was eleven years ago. Time sure flies. The very first time I was on the internet was where my dad worked, it was a computer shop which had some computers to play on or use for internet. They all had the same games installed, but I went for one of the oldest Need for Speed games I think. I don't remember which title it was, but it was a really good game back then. It probably still is a good game but with not that great graphics. The second game I played was Counter-Strike 1.6 and Counter-Strike: Condition Zero. Condition Zero was the one I've played the most though, I thought it was an awesome game at the time, I still play it occasionally. That reminds me, I also had a game I was forbidden to play, GTA. Why, you ask? Well, I think it was when I was around 6 or 7. I was going around town in game beating up baddies when a baseball bat just grabbed my hand and told me to bash everyone's head in. And so, I bashed everyone's head in. My parents saw it, and they proceeded to take the game away from me. *10 years later and I have 270 hours in GTA V and I'm doing the same thing I did back then.* After this, I started playing Metin 2, as seriously as a 7 year old can play it. It became my childhood really fast since I played it for about two years on and off cause I was doing fine socially then. I had a lot of fun in the game, even though it was a little pay-to-win. It made me a lot of pleasant memories and that's all that matters. Fast forward to the end of the Metin era, I found out about Minecraft when I was 9 years old, in 2012. Starting with 1.2, I played through all the versions, snapshots and pre-releases, and I come back to it even nowadays. You could even say that it changed my life a little. There are games I've played more, like CS:GO, Team Fortress 2 and It was the first game I legally owned, I didn't even know that it'd be the start of something amazing. My life on the internet.

I can safely say that I life almost half of my life on here. Some say that it's not a good thing, but I'm completely fine with it. I've grown up with the Internet, so it's like my second home at this point. I just love the anonimity it gives, and how I can connect with people all around the world. When I first came in contact with other people, I was probably known as Pause, I don't remember it clearly. I got to know some people from Metin, but those people are long forgotten, and I have no idea who they were anymore. The game I've made a lot of friends on was Minecraft. I've met a ton of people there, but unfortunately I'm no longer in contact with any of them since I've paused playing the game a year ago. I come back to it every once in a while, but that's it. Minecraft was the name where I decided I should rename myself, so I became MineDave, I basically got an even cringier name. This name stayed for 4 years, then I started seriously playing CS:GO when I was about 13. I changed names three times during the time, Mr. Szurikáta (Hungarian name, translate it for yourself lol), Snickers and the final one, Kex which has been staying until now and I don't plan on changing it. It was about the time when I got accepted into my current school into one of the IT classes. I'm now studying programming! All the while, my social anxiety came so I became more and more attached to the internet, and I spent more time on it, more specifically on Discord. You can find me as Kex#8792, I'm always eager to meet new people.
